Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Sorry.
This should be neat.
Need an account.
Okay.
I need an account.
Then there is a link to take them to the sign up page.
Okay.
Now we can use control to save.
And now we can go to the London customer screen.
Land of customers screen.
Okay.
And if they already have an account, then there should be a link to take them to the login screen.
They already have.
Already have an account.
And over here we can then say Navigator.
Darts.
Of.
Contest.
Dirt push.
And for the roots, this is going to be something known as Matt Syria.
Age roots.
And as you know, this is going to take in the context and we can specify it is a type of build.
Build.
This.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can just go out and had a semicolon over here.
Then within a year we can return the customer.
Of course, Summer.
Hello again.
Logon screen.
Okay.
All right.
This.
Okay.
This contract is safe.
But before that, you can see we.
We can.
Okay.
We just have to restart this.
Well to start this or to start this.
And we're going to be able to navigate within those two pages.
I don't know why it's taken longer this time around.
Okay.
This is going to take us back to the.
The customer log in screen.
Okay.
And now I can click on this.
If I do have an account or sorry, if I need an account, I can click on the sign up.
Okay.
And if I already have an account, I can click on this login.
Sounds good.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.